Add description for a dimensional parameter (#30)
legalforce-research/find-simdoc: README.md

Therefore, you can immediately try the fast all-pair similarity search using your document files.
- **Flexible tokenization:** You can specify any delimiter when splitting words in tokenization for feature extraction.
This can be useful in languages where multiple definitions of words exist, such as Japanese or Chinese.
- **Time and memory efficiency:** The time and memory complexities are *linear* over the numbers of input documents and output results
on the basis of the ideas behind the locality sensitive hashing (LSH) and [sketch sorting approach](https://proceedings.mlr.press/v13/tabei10a.html).

> - **Flexible search performance:** LSH allows tuning of performance in accuracy, time, and memory, through a manual parameter of specifying search dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Flexible search performance:** LSH allows tuning of performance in accuracy, time, and memory, through a manual parameter specifying search dimensions.
```

Reviewer: it might not need change. I'm not so confident about this suggestion.

You can flexibly perform searches depending on your dataset and machine environment.
  - Specifying lower dimensions allows for faster and rougher searches for similar documents with less memory usage.

>   - Specifying higher dimensions allows for searches for similar documents with greater accuracy.

Reviewer: It is better to match sentence structure to the first item since they contrast.

```suggestion
  - Specifying higher dimensions allows for more accurate searches for similar documents with more memory usage.
```
